training: Add links to "Missing Semester" resources (#857)
RSE-Sheffield/RSE-Sheffield.github.io: pages/training/programming/index.md

*This is intended to be a living document and will be added to and corrected over time.*

A certain amount of technical ability is required as a modern researcher. From running simulations, running large
calculations, applying data transformation and analysis or even automating mundane tasks such as renaming and moving
data files, learning to program can really help improve your workflow and productivity.

This page is a compilation of resources and learning materials that can help with learning the skills researchers need.

Like anything technical, programming is full of terminology and jargon which can make it hard to get started. Sarah from
the [Lyndhurst STEM club](https://lyndhurststem.org/) found [this great
article](https://www.qualtrics.com/blog/glossary-of-coding-and-programming-terms/) which explains a lot of terminology
to help you get started.

A broad overview of many of the relevant topics is provided by the MIT Computer Sciences [Missing
Semester][mit-missing-semester] material (there is also a fork maintained by the [University of

> Birmingham][birmingham-missing-semester]). Either of these resources cover a lot of ground that is relevant to Research
> Software Engineering and are worth working through.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Birmingham][birmingham-missing-semester]). Both of these resources cover a lot of ground that is relevant to Research
Software Engineering and either of them is worth working through.
```
